[Music]
legend has it there is a tree in the
Amazon the possesses unparalleled
healing powers and the arrowhead is the
key to unlocking it Scott my hello I
just wanted you to know this has been
mislabeled
[Music]
he's shipping outlets
of all the jungle cruisers you can take
in the Amazon
this one is undoubtedly the cheapest but
also the most thrilling heads up come a
Duke
look out
Marauders
natives ladies and gentlemen the moment
you've all been waiting for
the backside of water stays wonder of
the world we're headed upriver lagrimas
de cristo for mr. Huron travel come on
not a good time looking for passage
upriver please go away
I have a lot of money ever you believe
in legends do you believe in curses -
you're gonna beg minutes hour back well
I look forward to disappointing you
10,000 to bring you there alive dead is
15,000 why should I pay me dead
dead I'd have to carry you Dead's a lot
harder lady there we go
oh sorry Frank sorry strong for
hi Janice when you put the river cruise
and you can't swim the price just went
out
you